---
layout: post
title: Spider Robot Build
date: 2024-03-02 20:31:01 -0800
categories: random
---

<script type="module" src="{{ base.url | prepend: site.url }}/assets/js/2024-03-02-spider.js"></script>

In my limited free time, I'm working on a basic robotic spider. The spider is 3D printed uses the local library's MakerBot 3000 and is controlled by an Arduino. The tools I've been using are:

- FreeCAD
- LibrePCB
- Arduino IDE

As of now, I'm still familiarizing myself with 3D printing. I've printed several test components, but now I'm ready to move onto my first real build. I'm aware that these models exist all over the internet. I'm not trying to reinvent the wheel, but I am trying to learn how to design and build a robot from scratch. I'm also trying to learn how to use FreeCAD and LibrePCB. Eventually, I'll probably use these skills to build more basic CAD models for miscellaneous things in my home, but a robot gives me a clear goal to work towards.

Here are some of the rudimentary designs I'm working with:

## Spider Chassis

A simple 3D printed chassis for the spider. The chassis is designed to hold the Arduino and the servo motors. The servo motor will be screwed into the chassis and the Arduino will be mounted on top of the chassis.

<div class="threejs chassis threejs-wrapper"></div>

### Spider Leg

A 3D printed leg for the spider. The leg is designed to hold the servo motor for the leg and the foot.

<div class="threejs legHousing threejs-wrapper"></div>

### Spider Foot

A 3D printed foot for the spider. The foot is designed to hold the spider off of the ground. The servo motor will be screwed into the foot and the foot will be mounted on the leg.

<div class="threejs legExtension threejs-wrapper"></div>

### Spider Servo Motor

I plan on using an SG90 servo motor for the spider. The servo motor will be used to control the movement of the spider's legs. The servo motor will be mounted on the leg and the foot.
